Treated differently while I was pregnant
Weight bias.
"When talking about a joint AirBnB, the VP of Sales said to me privately that the place (which was supposed to be a home base for all employees for the week and I was looking forward to it) was to be claimed by him as a ""boys house"" where the SOAs would be hosting clients day and night. This made me feel two things — one that I would have to be in a hotel away from my co-workers which I will need to coordinate with closely for the week. And two, that he grouped me in with ""the girls"" or simply not ""one of the boys"", which as a non-binary person felt very othering and dysphoric as I was reminded that no matter my gender identity I will never know what its like to be consistently respected and included by men. I feel like this experience might be pretty unique and I worry about my anonymity but it felt necessary to share."
"It has been difficult to earn the respect of certain clients, simply because we have had little/no interaction ever before."
"My peers don't let me demonstrate my skills for 2 minutes before I get ""mansplained"" to."
Being asked to take notes in a meeting
Age and life experience are not accepted or respected.
"I regularly feel excluded and down right unimportant by  the organization due to its policies which are antithetical to my personal beliefs (ie. religious, constitutional, race, etc). I am extremely nervous because I am a firm believer in DEI but it feels like we are being brainwashed to feel shame for being a person of white skin color even thought I am a mixed race/ethnicity decent. These actions by the company are shameful and should end as it is destroying the culture of what once was the best company."
"Client made a reference to ""slaving away"", everyone disregarded."
"Supervisor commented surprise that two of the women in the office were primary breadwinners at home.  And, went on to question the husband's role in the family."
"I have heard 2 different male colleagues make several openly homophobic, racist, or sexist remarks."
"When I was pregnant my opinions were dismissed by male colleagues who claimed I was being ""hormonal"""
My less experienced co-worker does not seek my input on work issues.  He often goes to a male employee for input.
Someone made an inappropriate joke toward me about slavery on Juneteenth
People refuse to interact with me because I'm LGBT
My boss noted in a meeting that there weren't enough men in the leadership ranks
"As a taller woman, told that I shouldn't wear heels;it makes me intimating."
I often feel exclusion in situations where my ethnicity may play a factor in how people interact with me.
"Working with our head of ATG.  I have witnessed and personally experienced him being demeaning towards women (he interrupts and speaks over us, our ideas are often dismissed or overruled) . dis-respectful (spoke about employee credentials and backgrounds in a negative way during a leadership meeting) and even made racist comments (""Asian immigrants are the best off because in this country they have good jobs and Access to opportunity like education"""
Our mandatory compliance training around culture is outdated and racist.
"I have definitely felt I was treated differently after people found out I was biracial. I'm usually treated better after people have found out. It's never drastic, but enough to notice."
"A senior leader said at his staff meeting that a goal for 30% women and people of color in cyber is absurd, was useless and couldn't happen without a fundamental shift in American society.I told him he was wrong. He followed with you can have a 30% target in fields like Comms or HR.Definitely painful in the moment, but fortunately top leadership took swift action."
"My former manager asked if one  of my LGBTQIA+ employee's ""lifestyle choice"" was causing conflict at work"
Some peers poke fun at my ideas or suggestions due to my age.
"One of the VPs who visited the property for the first time couldn't hide his astonishment that the property was staffed very diversely.  He actually stumbled over the words aloud ""wow, this area must be very diverse - I didn't realize that"".  "
I have felt that I was being treated differently as a result of my age. Looking down on me because I am younger and might not have much experience.
"I have a specific faith. I have had comments made about my faith, and it has been ridiculed. I am also made to recognize my faith symbol as being considered as offensive."
My manager often sides with the opinion of my coworker over mine because they are white.
I often feel discriminated against by management and some residents.
There is a certain male team member that never responds to my emails. My female coworkers also have a lot of difficulty getting any kind of response from him. I know that he responds to his male director just fine. His director knows of this behavior and does not hold him accountable.
"I have been surprised by organization's vocalization about inclusion, in contrast to the mindset of many of the hires that I have been around. I have had interactions with 4 different employees who have not had great mindsets when it comes to their internal biases and understanding others"
"I was written up and nearly fired for sexual harassment I made the wrong person mad and they tried to get me fired by submitting a fabricated anonymous complaint. I was written up for allegedly sexually harassing a women, but I'm actually Gay and I was still in the closet at that point. I was told I had to sign the counseling noticed even though I knew I didn't do, otherwise I would be ""let go"" I hate knowing HR has this on my personal file, and I work hard and love this company, and I don't every want this to effect my future opportunities with this company"
"Our dress code/policy states that hair color needs to be ""natural"", however, depending on the person this policy has not been enforced."
"When someone else is given more opportunity to cause issues in the workplace due to their ability to play certain cards. Examples: race, religion, aggressiveness."
I often get questioned about whether I have children because people would take me more seriously in my role if I were also a parent.
I was told by our organization's leadership in a performance review that I should talk with a therapist about why I married my husband based on us being of different races.
There have has been an occassion in the past where a male co-worker made me feel they did not like having a female supervisor.
"External partners will defer to male colleagues on a call rather than addressing me, even when I have a better understanding of the content we are discussing"
Racial/Religion differences with the rest of the team.














































































