The sports analogies!  So male focused.
Condescending interactions
Having a team member write off your experiences and not take you seriously
Looked down upon and devalued because of age
Assumption that I don't understand the community because not from here.
"Because I come out of the Business world vs the theatrical world, volunteers often discount my value"
Shouting of name to call someone to the office
Dress and hair style.
I have sometimes felt that being young in a professional setting is hard.  I had a co-worker call me a kiddo.
"As an artist who is a professional in my field we are constantly talking about who is excluded.  As a female I've been that excluded person in my field for most of my CareerOpportunities.  But my colleagues will talk about solving that without ever saying ""Hey, you're an artist and a woman, can we work with you too"".  I have one or two people who I routinely do things with now and that's wonderful.  But most of my colleagues seem to look right through me."
"A coworker said ""people who take testosterone are more aggressive"".  I stated that that is not true and disclosed that I was on testosterone.  I wish I did not have to disclose that for this person to see transgender people as regular people."
"Coworkers loudly discussing pro-gun politics, '2nd amendment' rights, open carry, and the innocence of Kyle Rittenhouse...
...during a lockdown drill. LOTS of this type of political propaganda loudly and pointedly discussed int he workplace."
"When my team says ""guys"" or ""gentlemen"" or ""men"" when talking about the full team"
"In a Secret Santa setting, the gift I received was an incense and chopstick set.  I could not help to think this gift was a bit inappropriate due to my ethnicity."
"Attended many events where there is an assumption that, as a woman, I would be the spouse and therefore assigned to the secondary activity."
Was cut off when provided an opinion/question about a process
"Once in a while, I feel excluded in casual workplace conversations or ""chit-chats"" with peers and customers because I am a woman in my late twenties, working as a senior-level technical architect. Since the majority of people I interact with (both peers and customers) are men in their forties, common conversational topics include sports, cars, and experiences with old technologies (i.e., tape backups, OS from the 1990s, etc.). When these conversations take place, it's hard for me to relate or participate and makes me feel excluded."
I have been talked over.
"People in sales roles/business development making the broad assumption that people in technical roles are not capable of speaking to people in non-technical roles at a customer, or not understanding of the 'bigger picture'.
The behaviour was to dismiss comments both in front of the customer and in internal discussions."
"The assumption that everyone is religious or prays. Some people have traumatic experiences related to religion. That is not on the radar of most people and we're often told to ""send prayers"" or ""pray for"" X."
Being called out for being the only woman on the team in meetings.
"People using lots of acronyms and talking very fast, makes me feel excluded. English is not my first language, I come from a different industry and don't have tech background so I'm not familiar with all acronyms. I don't feel the space to stop the conversation and ask for clarification as I'm assuming (don't know for sure) that I'm the only one not knowing this."
"Receiving emails addressed to ""Gentlemen"". First off, not all of us are men. Secondly, there are some men I would dispute fall into the gentlemen category."
Supervisor told me that I would find more peace and joy in life if I joined a gym. This type of comment happened twice.
"There's a manager on another team that often says things like ""tech guys"" or ""engineering guys"" both in meetings and individual conversations. I think he has women on his team and I'm sure he means nothing by it but it bothers me as a woman in tech and makes me feel excluded"
"I was once told the highly technical information I was asking for wouldn't interest me, it would only interest my dad or boyfriend."
"I overheard someone asking my manager if I worked in finance, but I am actually an engineer."
Micro-agressions at work
I am often confused with a teammate who is also young and female
"Because of my ethnicity/race, I have had peers say words in Spanish when speaking to me. They clearly don't speak Spanish fluently, but they like to sprinkle in words sometimes (Hola, excelente, etc). 

I don't think they mean harm by it, but it feels very unnecessary. My English is excellent, and there's nothing that we do here that would require Spanish.

I'd like to mention that these individuals are actually a part of our family of companies, not Pareto itself, but they are still part of my day-to-day work at Pareto."
"When someone said I should stock the kitchen because ""something to keep you busy"" when I was very much overwhelmed with my workload at the time."
"We were at an offsite company event and it was really hot outside.  When a gentleman asked how I was, I responded with ""I am really hot"".  His response ""Yeah you are"".  I smiled and made an excuse to leave the area."
"During a leadership training seminar where I was the only woman in attendance, the presenter made a bunch of sexist comparisons between imaginary people (a disagreement between a guy who has a degree from MIT and a girl who was blond...). No one even noticed until I pointed it out later."
"While limping due to a typically invisible disability, being confronted for using the elevators to go up/down a floor and asked 'what did you do to yourself'"
"Many people have asked me directly or indirectly about my age. I became CISO at 31, and sure that is young. Fortunately I have built my confidence but this hurts every time. Feels like people are questioning my credibility with a very arbitrary data point that doesn't actually have anything to do with my performance or potential."
"After I told my RPM that I have recently been labeled as disabled, she stopped telling me that I was very organized and started stating that I was disorganized."
"Often times, when visiting the corporate office for leadership conferences, colleagues I'm meeting for the first time verbally assume that I work for a section 8 property. I've become numb to it and politely correct them by telling them that I work a conventional property.  I've never felt a sense of satisfaction with the surprised expressions, instead it saddens me that people still have such closed minds."
Sometimes others will change subject while I am talking about something.
"I am often referred to as the ""secretary"" even though my position is much more than answering phones."
"Lack of respect from older coworkers. Thought of as ""too young"". Constantly told I am ""just a baby"". It's extremely disrespectful."
I get told if I lost weight it would be easier to work with.
"My direct manager closely watches what I do in a given day, keeping track of my time and how long I am away from the office and what I am doing.   I do not feel respected"
"When ordering shirts for the company we gave our sizes and after the order arrived, a shirt was on my desk but it was the incorrect size I ordered. There was miscommunication while my other co-worker was gone and the manager put the shirt on my desk because he ""knew you were bigger than <other coworker>""."
A colleague made fun of me for asking too many questions in a zoom chat box. I believe they didn't realize they were writing to the whole group.
Sometimes I feel excluded and ignored when voicing my opinions as if I do not know my own property
I think leaders in a couple of departments can be very condescending.
My direct manager has made multiple comments about how I'm young enough to be her child.
"As a young woman on a team of older men, I was told that I needed to attend certain events from a sales perspective since I was ""a young chick"" and could sell to people they couldn't."
"During a proposal review conversation, leadership continued to refer to the reviewers as he and when it was brought to their attention, we don't know who it was, they refused to address the point (they). When a negative review was read outloud, the reviewer was jokingly referred to as a ""She""."
"I had a former coworker who consistently butchered my name and the names of other colleagues.  When introduced to new hires with names she deemed difficult, she would typically say, ""I'm bad at names so I'm probably going to get your name wrong,"" and she made no attempt to correct herself."
"I have been told that I should spend more money on clothes, hair and makeup because I am not presenting at the same level as my colleagues who feel fashion and personal appearance is more important."
Others making reference to my age.
Sometimes have had people make fun of my physical appearance.
"I have heard or witnessed hurtful rhetoric disguised as casual ""joking,"" which contain comments about my identity and the community I identify with"
"Sometimes it feels like everyone wants to put you in a box in the workplace. Therefore, my intersectional identity feels excluded"
Introductions and descriptions around junior colleague status or gender to outside partners that feel belittling (and a little infantilizing) and are a rough way to kick off a presentation or collaborative discussion
Attempts at being progressive that at times comes off as awkward and uncomfortable. Not helpful. Maybe ask people instead what they want than implementing things based on what is assumed they want?
"Probably not bad intention, but people tend to make fun sometimes about language issues, confusion about pronunciation, accent or a wrong term. I am not English native and work in an International enviroment. Sometimes that situiation makes me feel embarrased"
