Excluded from outside discussions by Board leaders
"As a Human Resources Professional, often other employees will exclude me from conversations or post-work interactions because of ""fear"" of not being comfortable doing/saying what they really feel/think."
"My supervisor gets angry when I ask questions. She does not like to be bothered. I wasn't given a solid training. When I ask a question I'm told to ""google it""!"
Male subordinates prefer to go over my head.
Talked over and interrupted in meetings. Overruled on decisions related to my department. Not included in discussions or decisions related to my role.
Peer in a different department can be difficult to work with.  Quick to blame others and loop in managers instead of reaching out to resolve any confusion. Never responds or apologizes when they are in the wrong.
Being expected to have camera on during virtual meetings despite lack of relevance and other participants outside organization not doing so. Concerns are over my age and the perception customers/others outside organization will/do have because of it.
"new assistant director has indicated that they wish employees to act in a 'professional' manner, specifically no 'joking around' with employees in other departments while on the phone. At no time have these interactions been unprofessional in the slightest, just friendly interactions. I am neurodivergent and a quiet, colorless, drab manner of interaction is not possible for me. I am VERY good at my job and enjoy affable relationships across departments, but feel frustrated and tone policed as the expectation is for me to act as if I were neurotypical. I worry that I will face negative consequences at work unless I am able to act in a manner which is not remotely possible. "
"Two people were working together to communicate with an overseas department, but suddenly the person working with them started hiding information instead of sharing it."
"My manager traveled a far distance to be in the office, close to where I work. I worked for them for over a year and never met them in-person due to Covid.  We had a great relationship.  So was surprised, to find out they were in the office, as just happened to see them at lunch.  Felt Very strange and excluded!"
Manager only in person meetings being held.  While field reps are left to remain isolated due to Covid.
"I feel not being accepted by Japan team, because I'm a foreigner and don't speak the language. There is no way for me to understand what's really going in my Japanese team and business"
I feel excluded from making my very own personal choices of topics and areas I want to learn and discover as opposed to feeling forced to participate.
"Sometimes, my good nature is misunderstood as softness or weakness and, despite my title/responsibility, I do not receive the appropriate respect."
"Having a meeting with a peer from another team and someone from my own team, which is white. The peer would only answer the questions asked by my white colleague, and ignored all of my questions."
I have often provided an idea or thought in a meeting and don't feel heard. Then someone else says pretty much the same thing and people say great idea. Many meetings have been solely male being the only female in the meeting.
In 1:1s with my manager he prefers to discuss political topics or the covid-19 situation in his country instead of focusing on business related things.
I'm typically excluded from conversations in the office.
"Sometimes I feel like I am talked over or interrupted because I am young and a woman. At times, it seems like I am the last person consulted or invited to share my opinion because of this."
"I look very young, but have over 15+ years of direct industry experience. In-person & visual conference calls I get comments on this (often times coming as a compliment). I hear tone differences when speaking with clients with only me and/or conversation directed to me with others vs. others. I have changed my appearance at different stages of my CareerOpportunities to help combat this."
"Not allowing as much opportunity to interact, and keep things close to vest, unless it is something they need, or there is a problem that needs a fire put out."
"The customer is always right in our industry. That said, it is not uncommon a client/prospect express views that significantly contrast with DI. There is not really a way to solve for this, just a reality of the industry."
"Peers do not understand or respect my job role and responsibilities, frequently ignored in requests for engagement."
"I have had my ideas repeated back word for word in the same meeting that I expressed them and had the entire room disregard it, even though I brought it up specifically e.g. ""I just said that""."
"I am not always ""heard"" in meetings.  My male worker will say the same thing and be acknowledged."
"Called out for being young or inexperienced when an intern, made to feel less than. Told no one wanted an intern because they are just work"
"Lack of respect for certain departments or functions. Total focus on sales and sales efforts. Sales and revenue drive the company, no question, but business ops and other support hold it together."
"I'm often asked to schedule social/cultural things for the team ""because I'm good at them"". The same is not asked of my male colleagues."
Not being heard during a meeting and someone else repeating and taking credit.
Not following through on action items for the leader in what seemed to be addressing a heart felt issue
"Recently, there has been a new policy that has made the COVID vaccination mandatory. This is outside of my comfort zone. Because it is mandatory, I feel this new policy excludes my thoughts and beliefs about being skeptical about getting the COVID vaccination."
Not being listened to when saying something important.
"Many times when I offer suggestions, I have been dismissed and have been told things I am ""only an Assistant Property Manager"" or "" not in a Leadership position """
when I didn't know how to work on something.
Working with white cis males that don't aren't educated on the population they work with makes it hard for my position to work effectively with vulnerable populations.
Home office or RP dont speak to anyone when they come to office. If you are not the manager you dont matter
Respecting that the staff you hired are qualified for the position that they hold and not always questioning there knowledge.
I felt my ideas weren't valued when working with another staff.
Attending a meeting that I was invited to but was question why was I there
I felt like leadership did not listen to my colleagues and my concerns when we were struggling to work with a member who was disrupting our whole group.
When working with HR feel my input is not important.
"Regional Property Manager does not stop and speak with ""nonimportant"" workers. Makes you feel that you are not safe at work."
working maintains its hard to get the respect from residents
being left out of maintenance decisions
I do not think my opinion matters.
Feeling different and like I did not fit in with my coworkers and superiors.
In some cases I am not respected in the same way that I had given respect to an equal position when I was still on site.
"What goes on at one property may not be the same for your property. Advice from another property manager on how they do things with there APM, MS etc., may not fit your APM, MS etc. We are equal but not the same.

You have to do what is best for your property."
"Recent changes- I'm really sure where I fit with the office staff.  There are comments made about me/ SC's being one of them now. I used to feel like I was one of them and now question if I am or ever was.

Being told to make sure I am working and not preforming when PM is out of the office.  I've always done my job.  I have an education and I am a professional.  This is a CareerOpportunities for me.  Not a job.  

RPM doesn't acknowledge me or my position when in office.  Where do I fit now?"
"Success in my role depends on rapport with customers.  This means not breaking customer's perception that I am a Christian, straight, conservative individual."
Lack of respect in my role due to my age and the fact my co workers or subordinates are older then me.
"Being told you will take on much more without any consideration of current workload or conversation prior. No option to opt out of the additional responsibility. There is typically not an option, we are told. Example: you will help out here, you will be taking call for them, you will be running this now in addition to what you already have."
Being the only one of my gender/race at an external meeting
"My manager told me to ignore it when our collaborators plagiarized my work, so that we could maintain the relationship"
"There is a certain staff member that I and my female manager can literally never get an email response from. This staff member is a white male. There are email threads where we have followed up with no response over five times. We have literally had to get our (also female) director involved just to get a response from him.What makes this extra frustrating is that he is always saying things like ""reach out if you ever need anything or have any questions."""
Direct reports going to HR or my supervisor directly vs. coming to me.
"Occasionally in meetings with staff and volunteers, volunteers forget to solicit input from experts on the topic, especially from new or younger staff. When staff are not meaningfully included and do not see a way into the conversation, they may feel excluded, which is likely invisible to the volunteer(s). 
Note: this is a small number of interactions vs. the whole set of my interactions."
I have found that researchers and project-staff tend to facilitate interactions with admin staff that make me feel as though I am in their way or that my work is not as valuable to the organization as theirs.
"My academic background is very different from most people at the organization, and it sometimes feels like I'm left of the the ""club."""
Team meetings sometimes feel unnecessary to some of the lower-level attendees as it's just the managers/leaders discussing high-level issues with each other.
My position was undermined/devalued in an interaction because I am an administrator and not a researcher.
I was told when I joined there was no time for training so I needed to sink or swim.
"Folks with longer service and familiarity with each other and working practises tend to skip over me (and others) in meetings. Also, folks who have spent whole Career atthe organization are sometimes unwilling to understand or listen to wider industry experience -the organization way or no way..."
Not allowed to present my slides in meetings
My Peers & manager do not invite me to meeting where I can contribute and add value
"Feelings of being invalidated and not being able to share opinions without judgement. Closed door conversations, etc"
"People using lots of acronyms and talking very fast, makes me feel excluded. English is not my first language, I come from a different industry and don't have tech background so I'm not familiar with all acronyms. I don't feel the space to stop the conversation and ask for clarification as I'm assuming (don't know for sure) that I'm the only one not knowing this."
"encouraged to ask questions and not take too much time searching for answers.  But in reality, if you ask questions it comes back to bite you."
"In office meetings, sometimes one of the leaders makes comments that are transparently political in an authoritative way that makes it seem as though there is no room for disagreement with his statements. The statements make me feel excluded from him, but more importantly ""unsafe"" to believe differently. In my opinion, it is why leadership at work must strive to be neutral on matters that co-workers (but more particularly sub-ordinates)may feel equally strongly about."
"I've had a few occasions where I felt demeaned or put down from conversations. It didn't feel intentional or malicious, but it felt like my experiences or understandings were different and that created a rift where I became much more hesitant to be the happiest version of myself when in a professional environment. It also triggered what I suspect to be PTSD from another job where making mistakes was unacceptable, and when I feel afraid to make mistakes, my personal growth slows down as well."
"I manage the associates in our office. I try to create a balanced experience and equal experience for our associate with the least amount of disruption for advisors. I feel appreciated and valued in my role, but there are a few instances where one advisor tries to circumvent the framework I've constructed. I feel undermined and causes me to get frustrated. It also makes my teams workload more difficult."
"I was once told the highly technical information I was asking for wouldn't interest me, it would only interest my dad or boyfriend."
"When I was pregnant my opinions were dismissed by male colleagues who claimed I was being ""hormonal"""
"There was a male on my team that was at the company for less time than me but had a higher position due to years of prior experience. We both were ""supposed"" to be running meetings together, but he would talk down to me in front of new hires. He would talk over me when covering topics that I had a lot more knowledge than he did."
I have frequently been spoken to with a lack of a respectful tone in meetings.  This makes me not want to participate.
"Folks accepting someone talking over me making an excuse saying ""that's just what he does"""
"After I told my RPM that I have recently been labeled as disabled, she stopped telling me that I was very organized and started stating that I was disorganized."
Sometimes others will change subject while I am talking about something.
I often have a very hard time speaking in meetings with my peers.  I am often talked over or disregarded.
"One of my peers, who is male, will insert himself in the work I'm performing when I don't ask for assistance. It's classic toxic masculinity and mansplaining."
I have felt that I was being treated differently as a result of my age. Looking down on me because I am younger and might not have much experience.
"at times I feel I am not being heard concerning my job and my office space.
My opinions and views are not taken into consideration and my space is not respected."









































