A board member has a yearly dinner to which only men are invited
Our organization has not had many opportunities to interact with each other and get to know one another. Especially with new employees.
Not being included in team outings outside of work
I am frequently not included in lunch/after work interactions
"Not having team building sessions, small talk at the start of a meeting, coffee talks, etc. makes me feel a bit excluded. I know there is no bad intent but I lose connection. Everybody is so busy, virtually running from one meeting to another. I need human connection to feel included. Everybody being in a rush all the time, finishing up meetings quickly, don't make me feel included."
"My position in the company does not give me many opportunities to interact with others within the company, and therefore have felt excluded at a company group hangout."
"I am not included in the the morning catch up ""water cooler"" chats."
Many social conversations in the office revolve around spouses and kids. I have neither and cannot participate in those conversations.
I have been excluded by peer lunch groups.
"I went to a work social event right after joining the company, and no one wanted to talk to me because I wasn't already friends with them. They just wanted to hang out with their established friend groups."
"Because of my not already having or not wanting to have kids, I am (in)directly excluded from many conversations in the office because many ""water cooler"" discussions revolve around people's kids."
"When hanging out with other colleagues, I feel out of place if the discussion moves towards traditional American sports or fantasy leagues"
"Members of the administration greet some members of the part time staff with more warmth than others
It doesn't feel like everyone is equally respected"
"Everyone was talking about their families over a team dinner. I am going through divorce, and no kids. I know no one cares and I can talk about single life, but it's lonely."
Not fair that property management staff is back in the office full-time during covid but other staff are still able to work from home. So if the entire staff get sick then you have a whole office closed and quarantining.
I found that when I came into my role that I was received with a cold reception from several long time staff. At first I noticed that people would invite others for lunch and intentionally exclude me. Then I would be talked to with backs turned to me. At first it wasn't that big of a deal but then a colleague told me that I was going to be received as a white man in a leadership role that I should be humble. and be aware that people were viewing me as another white man in charge.
"Most of the people who work at the the organization are much younger than me including my UD and program coordinator. I am new to the the organization and many have worked their before so they have a bond that doesnt include me. There are clicks within the building that makes me feel unincluded with the team we are supposed to be as staff due to age difference, work experience and time at the the organization. I feel like an outcast at times."
"I wish management would introduce new employees to colleagues right away instead of throwing them into work and introducing them later. It would be nice to find ways to make a new employee feel welcome. If a new employee joins a staff, perhaps at next meeting have everyone play an ice-breaker game together. It was months before I felt like an accepted member of the staff."
"Sometimes I feel excluded because others in my department are very vocal about their political views.  It got a little more apparent when we were close to the 2020 election, nearing the end of the current President's term.  My views were opposite but because the other members being very vocal about their views it made me feel ashamed that I felt differently.  Since I didn't chime in to agree, rather remained quiet, I felt that I was being excluded.  I've always been one to feel strongly that politics should not be discussed in a work environment since it can have a negative impact on others.Ultimately I just wish that controversial things could remain unspoken at work. When someone vocalizes how strongly they feel about a topic that is weighing on everyone's minds in the world, it makes others feel differently as if they are ""wrong"" and are being looked at badly by others.  Things like voting/political views and vaccine decisions are very personal."
"Casual group discussions often revolve around expensive hobbies that are beyond what I can afford and to which I cannot really relate, and often assume that everyone has money to spend on things that I don't have."
"I feel our department is ""clique ish"" at times and have felt left out, mainly because I'm older than most of the other team members.  I'm not terribly bothered by this but it could effect other team members who may be experiencing the same thing."
I have felt left out in some group situations - like an outsider - mostly because I keep to myself.
At a social event for our the organization another board member walked up to the group I was speaking with.  This person talked with everyone in the group but me.  They also introduced a new person to everyone but me.




































































































