"Experienced direct, unkind even aggressive comments on my last team."
"Feelings of being invalidated and not being able to share opinions without judgement. Closed door conversations, etc"
Rumors and Gossip about something I did outside of work that shouldn’t have even been mentioned. Dr’s appointment not wearing a mask.
"People who work in administrative building talk down to employees regularly. Specifically the president and provost tell us they know how we are feeling during COVID restrictions. These people make 10-25x what others make in the company, they have more than excess in their lives, they know nothing of the struggles of the middle class employees they condescend to."
A manager from another office in my region chose to advertise at a pro-life rally.
"A peer manager openly is allowed to condescend other peers, and talks behind people's backs."
"Constantly belittled and berated. When I ask for clarifications about questions asked via email/text/Slack I get harsh, unhelpful comments like "" go back and read the email again"""
direct manager leads with fear and intimidation and berates their employees for reaching out to leaders above their heads. Managing with a mafia tactic and strong arm approach
"One of my worst experiences was with a coworker was engaging with a sales team member who have not taken the time to fully understand the product that I'm supporting them with. When the seller was informed of the product requirements and that it might not be the best fit for the customer, the sales member got very upset with me. This made me feel awful, it removed my desire to help the person understand where we could win with the product. I actively avoid that person now."
"This is an experience from 2 years back but still resonates.  I had a manager who was verbally antagonistic and said inappropriate things.  When taken to HR I was told she had a bad day, after many escalations and discussions with HR and this persons manager I was basically pushed out of my role.  It was a very disappointing experience of how it was handled. I felt that this person's diversity gave he/she a pass to behave badly without recourse."
"There are always guys who feel the need to comment negatively whenever a woman gets promoted, that it's not due to their skills but for other reasons. Not on my current or immediate team, but I've seen it frequently over time."
"At time, there are people who disregard rest day or after office hour to send request.  Email and other platforms to reach you."
This conversation was brutal and not filtered. vulgar language was used through out the whole conversation just because of an issue I had no control over.
"When I was contracting, I experienced disrespect from a team mate who is a full time employee for some inquiries that were not even incorrect business wise. Embarrassed me on emails on several occasions while my Lead and Director at the time was cced."
"How we communicate change, especially when valued leaders in our organization leave is not good.  We are caught off guard and are exhausted at the lack of having meaningful conversations and change management."
"I feel like my opinion is often not respected and I am often talked over in meetings. This doesn't appear to be just me, I also see it with other colleagues in the team who are treated in the same way."
"When providing feedback on Hien's hiring practices of bringing in his team from AWS, he is not interested in hearing that too much of the AWS culture getting forced on the ORG is the main cause of the moral decline."
When executing a deal I faced one time a challenge situation with someone who was not Ok with the way I want to execute the deal inside  the organization. The thing I didn't like is that the way was agressive and I felt that it was not a person open to discussion.
"I was part of an investigation on an individual. Despite my feedback and likely others as well, I saw no impact or change in the individual. They were also promoted."
"There are meetings where people use more than their fair share of the oxygen in the room and some people, in their enthusiasm, instinctively talk over others. I don't think it's deliberate but it's also not always controlled."
Hein's opening video for this whole effort was fake.  It's clear he doesn't actually care about this and does it for optics.
You could tell on Hein's face in the opening video he didn't want to be doing this. When you can't get genuine enthusiasm from the head of the org how seriously are people going to take this?
"I am having a hard time with the position that  the organization is taking with regards to the highly scrutinized Executive Order for the vaccine mandate.  It's ironic how much focus there is on creating a safe working environment yet people are being bullied, shamed and risk losing their job within our own company.  Yes, we can file an accommodation request.  If approved, you are basically on house arrest.  There is no logic or science that justifies this position."
"In 1:1s with my manager, he's sometimes raising his voice when trying to discuss business related issues."
"Coworker mentioned that because she was older, she knew more"
"encouraged to ask questions and not take too much time searching for answers.  But in reality, if you ask questions it comes back to bite you."
"There are times I feel like I am in a ""boys club"" where my male peers are talking about golf and other stereotypically male activities or topics. This can make me feel excluded, especially when there is no obvious effort to include me in the conversation."
Sometimes politics come up in our office and I have felt ganged up on at times.
There are several male colleagues at our firm who have made it pretty obvious that they do not see the real value in DIB efforts and act as though it is not a high priority.
There is a colleague at the firm that is in a managing director position that is very rude to the people that work hard for that person. This is commonly felt throughout the firm and particularly for those that directly report to that person.
"When I had first started, there was an incident where I was assigned a task to do that I had never done before. 
Asked a colleague above me to assist and was belittled. 
The colleague made me feel incompotenet and uncomfortable reaching out to them the entire duration of the task.
Honestly, I still feel uncomfortable whenever we have any task to do together."
"A coworker from a different department has spoken down to me.  When brought to my supervisor, I was told the person is just like that."
- my former supervisor often interrupts me in the meetings and lashes out on me when they (!) made an error
"Political questioning which resulted in belittling behaviors.  Using language such as ""pathetic,"" ""sad,"" ""stupid,"" to describe a number of situations."
"In office meetings, sometimes one of the leaders makes comments that are transparently political in an authoritative way that makes it seem as though there is no room for disagreement with his statements. The statements make me feel excluded from him, but more importantly ""unsafe"" to believe differently. In my opinion, it is why leadership at work must strive to be neutral on matters that co-workers (but more particularly sub-ordinates)may feel equally strongly about."
"Emails coming across as unnecessarily harsh, blaming."
"I've had a few occasions where I felt demeaned or put down from conversations. It didn't feel intentional or malicious, but it felt like my experiences or understandings were different and that created a rift where I became much more hesitant to be the happiest version of myself when in a professional environment. It also triggered what I suspect to be PTSD from another job where making mistakes was unacceptable, and when I feel afraid to make mistakes, my personal growth slows down as well."
"I am consistently interrupted and cut-off in senior employee counsel meetings.  Zoom could be a factor given the size of the group, but it happens consistently."
"With respect to several interactions with a leader within the firm, I have felt disrespected and not heard or taken seriously. I have also been repeatedly interrupted by this leader. I believe this leader interacts differently with women than with men.  

In one particular instance, I gave my expert opinion but the leader disregarded it and said that he deferred to the advice of another male leader, who was not an expert in this area."
"I manage the associates in our office. I try to create a balanced experience and equal experience for our associate with the least amount of disruption for advisors. I feel appreciated and valued in my role, but there are a few instances where one advisor tries to circumvent the framework I've constructed. I feel undermined and causes me to get frustrated. It also makes my teams workload more difficult."
"A coworker makes demeaning comments about women in his life outside of work, especially in context to relationships."
"Experienced direct, unkind even aggressive comments on my last team."
"I have had experiences at work, where I assert myself on a work topic and it is ignored. My a male coworker will say the exact same thing I just said and he is applauded for the his out of the box thinking.  He literally repeated what I just said and was given the accolades for it."
"During a team conversation about race, only myself and a couple other teammates spoke during this. We were the only minorities on the team."
When I asked for feedback in one on one sessions everything seemed fine.  I was shocked at the feedback in my year end review.
I am asked to smile by older male co-workers
"I was once cat called (very loudly) in the cafeteria by a random employee. By the way, I wasn't wearing anything revealing (not that it matters)"
My coworker belittles my opinion whenever I give feedback.
Talked over of during meetings
"Many times I feel like I am, and others too, are interrupted and talked over one another. Not getting a chance to complete their thought or opinion in a discussion. At times the discussion can get taken into a completely different direction or the question asked gets ignored."
"There was a male on my team that was at the company for less time than me but had a higher position due to years of prior experience. We both were ""supposed"" to be running meetings together, but he would talk down to me in front of new hires. He would talk over me when covering topics that I had a lot more knowledge than he did."
"Men regularly ignore my suggestions in meetings if I make a ""technical"" suggestion. Once a man repeats my suggestion, it will be addressed."
"My previous boss (head of product) was not inclusive at all.  She often belittled and embarrassed people during our team meetings.  Several people complained to me about her behavior and how awkward she made them feel. Good news is that she was finally let go after escalating to HR and Leadership.  However, I feel like she damaged a lot of cross-functional team interactions and it took more than a year for leadership to come to terms with the fact that she was a terrible hire."
I have frequently been spoken to with a lack of a respectful tone in meetings.  This makes me not want to participate.
"The Director was not a nice person, I would call her toxic.  When she was told she would have to report to me, she said ""you were a manager 3 mins ago and I'm supposed to take direction from you now, yeah right"". I have also had her be disrespectful to my direct reports, the general feeling they had was ""she treats us like slaves""  "
One day two men speaking in the corridor outside my office would not move to let me pass. I had to cross my arm over my breast and squeeze between them. They ignored my polite 'excuse me' and completed ignored my presence. It was humiliating.
"Folks accepting someone talking over me making an excuse saying ""that's just what he does"""
"Throughout my Career, I have been stalked, harassed, threatened with violence, and sexually assaulted by co-workers - separate events, different timeframes, different companies. For a number of these, my bosses and leadership failed to take action."
My concerns are disregarded and I have my manager is combative during conversations.
I often have a very hard time speaking in meetings with my peers.  I am often talked over or disregarded.
"One of my peers, who is male, will insert himself in the work I'm performing when I don't ask for assistance. It's classic toxic masculinity and mansplaining."
"Residents are often very disrespectful to team members.  Some of this is caused by the idea that we should do whatever to make the resident happy.  Residents should be cared deeply for and we should provide the best possible housing for them.  But, they need to understand that there is not an unlimited budget and we cannot possibly give them all new everything.  Residents need to be expected to take care of the apartment also."
I have experienced unusually harsh treatment compared to others in the office.  I feel that I am seen as an easy target for manager's anger because I am quiet and won't say anything back
"earning respect as a new employee is difficult.  you don't know anyone and unless you are extremely outgoing, your words are not heard"
"Manager is never here and does not care about the impact when she does not show up. 
The tenants are very rude and scream and yell at us all the time."
"I was working on a project by myself and I asked my coworkers to review it, I noticed them laughing and mocking my material."
Disrespected way too  much then anyone would want
"Manager made frequent unannounced visits, micromanaged, didn't feel trusted to perform my job duties."
"at times I feel I am not being heard concerning my job and my office space.
My opinions and views are not taken into consideration and my space is not respected."
Always late to work or some leave early every day and never care the impact it has on the team or our residents that may come in and need their help.
"The way that SCs are spoken to by Resident Success Director and the VP of philanthropies is degrading, distrustful, disrespectful and condescending. Every time we have a zoom meeting with those ""leaders"" I leave the meeting because I feel so degraded. They have no grasp on the SCs role- laugh at us and explain that we don't have the language or understanding of PM"
"My PM calls residents with disabilities ""retarded"" on a regular basis in an intentional and derogatory way- even after SC educated, reframed and redirected."
There have been several experiences in which my direct manager yelled and disrespected me in front of other employees
"Not always believing what a resident say is true, and as a company quit going above and beyond for a resident to please them."
I hear other staff referring to residents as crazy and other disrespectful terms.
I feel I have not been treated fairly -I feel there is a lot of tension in the office on most days. All of this happened a few months ago and is the same-some days are better than others.There is a lot of backstabbing and gossip which I cannot stand. Information that should be confidential is spread around. Health issues have been shared along with personal information.
Called names such as racist or told that we are discriminating when trying to enforce terms of lease agreement or following up on complaints.
I am constantly interrupted and talked over by management at my site. Made to feel what I have to say is not important.
here has been a time in the office that we were short and I was left to do all office duties and was being coming overwhelmed after a few weeks. I brought this to the attention of my Manager for 3 days and was told I don't know what to do for you and they walked away.
In a PREVIOUS position there would be instances where I would go to my Direct Manager about something that was bothering me in the workplace and the feedback was inappropriate. During one instance I was advised counseling would be good for me...I was literally discussing compensation. This was in no way what I needed.
"I feel that I am not respected by my new boss or new manager. During meetings I am cut off, I am interrupted by my boss and not given the time to express my concerns."
"I feel that upper management has no clue what it's like to be working on site, What we deal with on a daily basis. Especially during the pandemic."
"In an effort to provide excellent customer service, we continue to allow unacceptable behavior from customers that degrade and disrespect the team/staff."
A manager (not mine) would make inappropriate comments on age sex and disabilities almost daily and no one would challenge this person or check thier behavior.  Other managers and regional managers have witnessed some of these inappropriate behaviors.  It made me feel very uncomfortable and angry that this person could get away with this behavior and upper management had to know.
"Often times talked down upon by residents who think they are ""better"" than a rental office employee"
"I have been talked over or cut off while talking.

Decisions are made without my input that evolve me and my safety/health. 

Covid-19 has made everyone so eager to open the world back up and not thinking of our safety and we are more exposed."
One of my coworkers says a couple of subtle condescending remarks about me to people outside of the company but with me in the room or on the call just to make people laugh.  This happens a couple of times per year.  They have said negative comments about my physical appearance and the way I talk in the past and it's incredibly disrespectful.  Humor is a great way to bring a team together but can break a team down when any person on the team feels its disrespectful.
We are required to participate in OfficeVibe which is SUPPOSED to be anonymous but it is not.  I do not like leaving any comments on there because I am afraid of getting in trouble with my boss.
Direct manager is daily making rude comments to myself about other co-workers. I feel very caught in the middle.
There are times my supervisor isn't very Professional
I felt disrespected by a upper mgmt team member when in an email I was reprimanded along with my team- this person isn't my supervisor and was not acceptable.
"I have felt very bullied by coworkers in the past due to personality differences and feeling like an ""us vs. them"" between my role and others on my team."
"There is a female manager in the corporate office that I try to personally avoid working with on projects. This is because she frequently has to be the Alpha in the room.  Examples being talking over me during meetings, trying to make last minute changes on the deadline day so I cannot argue, and refusing to allow communication Access to those under her."
Upper manager was there along with direct manager and both laughing at a rude comment that direct manager made of assistant manager
Sometimes a few of our residents feel they can treat us any which way and sometimes corporate do not back us up.
I'm hesitant to report anything as I have to the past to telling Leadership giving the friendship/loyaty to direct managers and Leadership. As I was burn on telling my feeling and what I saw going on and not going on. The very next day I was scolded by my direct manager to keep all things that happen there to stay there and not share.
"I feel uncomfortable reporting concerns to HR, Officevibe, or to the fraud reporting platform we have in place because my manager consistently refers to these as the ""tattletale hotline"" and has put previous coworkers on blast publicly for making reports that were thought to be anonymous."
Interactions with some members in the venture capital community have been dismissive or antagonistic due to age difference
My manager calls me without asking if I am available to talk
"My start-up was ruled by ""frat"" culture with heavy drinking, new hire hazing, and an emphasis on the sales team (mainly white, cis, men) being the most important part of the company. The culture was built around fitting into this mold, and as a woman it was impossible to feel included, let alone respected."
"During team meetings, I am often interrupted or talked over."
There is a distinct feeling of us versus them being Home Office and Properties.
"A few of my male reports have a tendency to talk over me. Sometimes cross into them trying to assign me things to do like I'm a secretary. Not super pervasive, but have noticed this from time to time."
"When I get interrupted and talked over, or talked at (mansplaned)"
I get overshadowed in meetings where I don't feel my voice is heard.
The use of Asana makes it easier for supervisors to micro-manage you.
"Very strange comments from an older male colleague at times, including gaslighting or dismissal of ideas during meetings, inappropriate or insensitive comments about status as a mother, etc. Sometimes it feels like the culture at the organization is to selectively dismiss what some people do as cultural difference when that cultural difference is embedded in sexism, ageism, and make some feel uncomfortable."
"Inappropriate, passive aggressive emails from colleagues"
"While confronted with results from Think Tank and pulse survey, direct manager did not take it well and pushed the responsibility to middle management, even when Think Tank results from lower management specifically stated issues are with Direct Manager's management and biasness."
While supporting Spanish team they were many times talking in Spanish during the meeting even if i did not know the language.
"Previously worked in another dept for 2 VPs whilst one was inclusive the other was plain rude, didn't help me, undermined me in front of colleagues"
Opinions shared is not being respected and understand. Always tried to find the mistakes in other people instead of working as a team.
